We've had a bumpy couple of weeks. 
Well, you're living together. That can't be easy. Is that the main reason, or are there other underlying things going on?
There is some of this and more. One thing I struggle with is occasionally wanting my own space to do things like read, journal, and reflect.

- Maybe I'm better off with mean people. Maybe I'm just mean. In constrast to Jasmine it feels that way
- I've spent the past two and a half years trying to make this work. Trying to understand you. And I'm someone who prides myself in being able to understand people, to work out their motivations, to complement them. And I cannot figure out how to complement you. So maybe that means that this just isn't meant to work out, there's nothing we can do. But I know were both there in the woods in Massachusetts when the psilocybin hit, and we became one. The connection I felt then was one of the most important things I've felt in my life. It felt like some truth which cannot be undone. But can it? I mean what if it ended when she went to Alaska and I stayed in RI. The emotional trauma that I seem to think I endured then is certainly relevant enough to me that it shows the intensity of the situation. But I'm talking about a literal mythic force and blaming it for my current situation as if I have no control over it. I mean, if we have no control over who and what we love then do we have any control at all? Gosh. maybe we don't.
- Veronica's statement near day 0 of our relationship. If you ignore red flags early, it could end badly three years later. Maybe we're just riding on that wave. Thanks veronica. 
- I don't feel like you try to understand me, which feels like the inherent imbalance on my end. I try try try to just fucking get what you're thinking, and time and time again I'm wrong. I mean it started day one when we went to the RI halloween party and I thought she'd be ok to just be on her own, but that was an immediate no-no. And when I want to joke around but it turns out offensive. This is why I wonder if I'm better off with mean people. But I mean am I to blame? For acting how I would normally act and how I expect so many others would act? 

- We need independent hobbies. We need the groups that independent hobbies come with. And even as I think this I have no clue if Jasmine would agree or disagree. Or she might agree but then point out that she can't do anything because of her busted knee. So where does that leave me?
- Maybe I anticipate her negative reactions too much. 
- I feel like she's either completely on or completely off. Reading means completely off don't look at me or anything, while after brush teeth time means the opposite. There's no in between. There's no comfortably doing our own things in parallel. I mean what if I wasn't there? What would you be doing? Then do it, and it's ok if we don't do it together. NOT because I don't want to do things with you, but because it's important for both of us to do things that we want to do, things that come from within and not from our shared space. Again, NOT because doing things from our shared space is a bad thing, but because our independent motivations feed into the energy we get to bring to our relationship. So we constantly strain our relationship when everything we do originates from it. It is the only source of energy we have. 
- Perhaps what I didn't understand about her when I started dating her was that there are a lot of things I love which she will not return my energy on. I struggle with this. Reading is one. Discussing philosophy of politics or religion to any greater extent than good or bad is difficult. She locks up, gets shy, runs away. I don't know if I should just be ok with this, or if I should want more. It really challenges me. One of the most frustrating things is the fact that I don't even think she's wrong half the time, to take such a simple view of it. She just denies engaging with such things that aren't productive to engage with. And like, shit!, the conclusion half the time anyways is that you should just shut up and live your life, and that's ultimately exactly what she wants to do. So who am I to say she's wrong! She's more right than any of us!! Maya called it infuriating and it's not far off